Mom
The marriage hasn't been decided yet, let alone the children
Come and sit down and have tea together
Auntie, this is my little thought
Bird's nest, Ejiao, etc.
What are you doing?
What I usually eat is a few thousand dollars a tael
I dare not eat this kind of bargain
Thousands of taels
I was raised 50,000
But my dad brought it back from abroad
Mom, this bird's nest is also Qiu Yan's intention.
If you don't eat it, you can give it to the maid.
Zhiyuan
Qiu Yuan
I know you weren't well prepared the first time you came up
Where is the application?
My dad's Beijing hukou
My mother is a Tocheng hukou
But I was born abroad
How should I put it?
Hard to say. Hard to say.
I see you are unspeakable
Your home is rural, right?
Our old neighbor counts three generations up
That has nothing to do with the countryside.
Now rural hukou is also quite valuable
Do you have a room?
In the suburbs and the suburbs
Could it be a rural self-built house?
City Suburban Villa
There are also several sets in the city center
Mom
The air in the suburbs is pretty fresh now, right, Auntie?
There are still many flowers and trees in my house
What can be found in the countryside?
No money.
The most is not free flowers and plants
My son Zhiyuan
I can't live in the forest with you like a primitive
That thatched hut
Not my children
But my family has a piece of children
Bamboo door to bamboo door
Wooden door to wooden door
You are a countryman
How can we city people deserve it?